US tech State Anthony blinkin is meeting
with Israeli president Isaac Herzog in
Tel Aviv let's listen
in the working Place decided to murder
him simply because he's a Jew and in
Israeli a very great tragedy last night
we've witnessed a a suspected major
terror attack in Tel Aviv which is under
investigation with a possible suicide
bomber and this morning our soldiers
have being attacked in y y is on the
border with Lebanon byala terrorists uh
with drones and uh there are some there
is information that we have suffered uh
possible casualties we are under review
of this and this is the way we are
living these days we are surrounded by
Terror from four corners of the earth
and we are fighting back as a resilient
and strong Nation it also reflect is
reflected in the attitude of Hamas in
the negotiations for the release of our
hostages because one has to remember the
refusal the adamant refusal and I've
been following your statements on this
four months at the end at the bottom
line of it people have to understand it
starts with the refusal of Hamas to move
forward we are simply still very hopeful
that we can move forward in the
negotiations that are held by the
mediators and I want to thank the United
States Egypt and Kata for their efforts
on this on behalf of this noble cause
there is no greater humanitarian
objective and there's no greater
humanitarian cause than bringing back
our hostages home as they should have
returned long ago we want to see them
back home as soon as possible there's no
greater prayer and there's no Greater
Hope and no greater effort turn
everything possible to bring them back
home and it is in fact the top agenda of
world affairs these days as projected by
Security Council resolution which you Mr
secretary have brought forward and
passed in a historic step as well as of
course the conclusions of all the
leadership of the world in the G7 on
this issue so let's try our best and all
our efforts to bring them back home
alongside with protecting Israeli
Security in
and finally Mr secretary I want to thank
the president of the United States of
America my good friend President Joe
Biden the administration the leadership
of the United States for supporting
Israel in these very dire and
complicated times you've amassed a very
powerful and impressive Coalition of
armies navies and powers that are here
to protect the interests of the
Coalition of Nations that wants to move
towards peace and a better future in the
Middle East against the empire of evil
which starts and emanates into Iran I
want to thank you personally and I want
to thank the president for showing and
projecting power in this region as
should as as the message should be clear
that no one should attack Israel or
meddle with our clear inherent right of
self-defense thank you very much Mr
secretary well Mr President thank you
very much it's always uh good to be with
you and uh good to be back in Israel
this is my ninth visit since October 7th
to Israel to the Middle East and this is
a decisive moment um probably the best
maybe the last opportunity to get the
hostages home to get a ceasefire and to
put everyone on a better path to
enduring peace and security uh I'm here
as part of an intensive diplomatic
effort on President Biden's instructions
to try to get this agreement to the line
and ultimately over the line uh it is
time for it to get done uh it's also
time to make sure that no one takes any
steps that could derail this process uh
and so we're working to make sure that
there is no escalation uh that there are
no provocations uh that there are no
actions that in any way could move us
away from getting this deal over the
line uh or for that matter escalating
the conflict uh to other places and to
Greater intensity I know this is a fraud
moment uh in Israel Isel uh with deep
concern about the possibility of attacks
coming from Iran coming from Hezbollah
uh and other sources um and as you heard
the president say the United States has
taken decisive action to deploy forces
here to deter any attacks and if
necessary to defend against any attacks
but the focus of my visit is intensely
on getting the hostages back getting the
ceasefire done it is time for everyone
to get to yes and to not look for any
excuses to say no I look forward to the
day ahead seeing the Prime Minister
defense minister other senior officials
but as always a pleasure to start the
day with you and let me say finally that
we mourn uh the losses that the
president has just shared over the last
24 hours thank you thank you very much